Previously on "Heartland"...
I just remember the
atmosphere back then.
If you really do miss it,
maybe you should come with me
on my rodeo tour.
There's nothing like it.
Is there any way you'd ever
consider hiring me again?
Welcome back.
Well, I just got
my old job back.
That's great.
- I should get going.
- Ty?
I miss you.
Take care of yourself.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey.
Hi.
- I'm Georgie.
- Hanna.
Haven't I seen you before,
like at Maggie's or something?
My sister and I deliver
baking there sometimes.
Oh, right!
Your rhubarb pie is crazy good.
Thanks.
So do your horses have names?
Lucas and Alexander.
I was trying to listen,
but I didn't hear much.
What's wrong with them?
My brother, Paul, was taking
some kids on a hay ride,
and Lucas and Alexander started
going faster and faster.
Paul couldn't get them
under control.
Everyone was just really scared.
My brother thinks there's
something wrong with the horses.
I'll start by
ground driving them.
I wanna see how
they work together as a team.
- We should just sell them.
- Let's not be hasty.
Give Amy a chance
to figure it out.
Amy worked with a team of
clydesdales a few years back.
She had them in shape
in no time.
Well, I've never worked
with percherons before,
but give me a few days,
and I'll see what I can do.
We should discuss money.
This is on the house.
Oh, no, that's far too kind.
You know, last year when the
road to Heartland was washed out,
the folks from your colony
were a big help to us.
It's the least we can do.
Well, our garden is producing
far more strawberries
than we know what to do with,
so you'll at least take
some of those off our hands.
Deal.
So... three weeks
on the road with Casey.
- That's a long trip.
- Yeah, it was.
- How was it?
- Fine.
- Just fine?
- Great!
- And Casey?
- What about her?
Dad, you spent three
weeks on the road together.
I wanna know how it went?
We had a good time.
- And now?
- And now I'm back.
So catch me up.
How's everything at home?
Uh, it's good.
Everything's good.
You know, um, Katie's feet
grew two sizes.
I keep having to give
her old shoes away.
And Amy, she's... I don't know.
She's... I think it's better,
but she's putting on
a brave face.
Wait, wait. Brave face.
What do you mean?
You know, Amy and Ty, they...
- You don't know, do you?
- Know what, Lou?
Give me the run
down, from the top.
The cat - Mr. Whiskers -
has been vomiting
for five days now.
The x-rays show a foreign body
in the upper intestine.
So what's the plan?
Well, you're gonna make a
small incision in the abdomen,
and search the intestines
and remove
whatever he swallowed.
You want to do the honours?
Are you serious?
Yeah. You're more than capable.
Uh... yeah.
I'm surprised those people that
dropped off the horses were using a truck.
Why's that?
Well, don't they use like...
buggies and horses to get around?
Uh, no. You're confusing
them with the amish.
Hutterites are different.
They run big, modern farming
operations on their colonies.
Oh...
Well, Hanna told me
about these guys.
Do you think you can fix them?
Don't you mean "we."
You're still my partner, right?
Right.
Okay, well, let's get
this harness on Alexander.
All right.
I'm not seeing anything.
It has to be in there
somewhere. Keep looking.
There's no protrusion, redness.
Everything seems clear.
I don't understand.
Well, you're the one
who took the X-ray.
Are you sure it wasn't just
an artifact on the screen?
- Ty?
- Uh, I-I-I...
I'm ninety-nine percent sure, Scott.
That's not good enough.
Next time be a 100% sure.
Step aside.
There's your problem
right there.
You're looking in
the wrong place.
What's that right here,
adjacent to the stomach?
- Uh...
- Come on, you should know this.
It's-it's the duodenum.
Good. Does that look
normal to you?
- No.
- That's our foreign body.
Looks like you didn't
cut open this cat
for no reason after all.
Uh...
I'm gonna get some fresh air.
We need to talk.
S08E7
Walk a Mile
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
♪ And at the break of day
you sank into your dream ♪
♪ You dreamer
♪ oh, oh, oh...
♪ you dreamer
Shouldn't you be happy?
You never thought I was good
enough for Amy in the first place.
Oh, come on.
You got it all wrong, Ty.
I might have been hard
on you, but...
Comes with the territory.
So... why are you here then?
Because, as usual,
I'm the last to know
that you and Amy are
no longer together,
so I just wanted to have
a chance to say goodbye.
And whether you believe it
or not,
I like you... sort of.
So, in case this is more
than just a temporary break,
I just wanted to say...
all the best.
Okay.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Happy trails.
You're sure about this
"break" though, right?
Because the way I see it,
a break and breaking up...
same thing.
Now, it might not be
any of my business,
but you and Amy have been
back and forth so many times,
I get whiplash
just thinking about it.
Frankly, I'm tired of it.
You must be too.
So if you're gonna break up,
just break up.
Tim, this is something...
And, so you know, it gets
easier - living with regret.
It takes practice.
It stings at first,
but you can drink,
that's what I did for years.
And eventually...
you learn to live with it.
You convince yourself
it was for the best.
I've grown,
I'm a better person.
And then it just becomes this...
dull, empty feeling
that you live with.
So... you got that
to look forward to.
Good luck.
- Hey, Lise?
- Hey!
There's some fresh coffee
in there.
Thanks.
I have a letter here
addressed to...
Mr. and Mrs. Bartlett.
Has a nice ring to it,
doesn't it?
Mm-hmm. It does. Too
bad it's not my name.
Well, it could be, couldn't it?
If you wanted it to be.
Uh, yeah, I suppose.
Lisa Stillman's been
my name my entire life,
but... not even with Dan
did I change it.
I'm not gonna change it now.
But we didn't really talk about
that before we got married,
you didn't expect me
to change my name, did you?
Jack?
So your total comes to $67.80.
Oh! And I'll take
one of these too...
If you sign it for me?
Of course. I'd love to.
You just missed my dad.
He was in here talking
about what a great time
you two had
on the road together.
Really?
Worst three weeks of my life.
I'm kidding.
We had a great time...
When he wasn't driving too fast,
and spilling coffee in my truck.
Yeah, he can be kind of
inconsiderate sometimes.
Yeah, and then
he'll go and do something
completely charming and sweet
and you can't help but like the guy.
It's very annoying.
Oh, you are describing
my entire childhood.
You must be so scarred.
You can read all about it
in my book.
- I can't wait.
- Okay.
Well, you know, we go for lunch
or something sometime.
Yeah, I'd like that.
Better idea. You and my dad
should come by the ranch
tomorrow night for dinner
and get to know
the entire family.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Okay, sure.
Enjoy the book.
Thanks. And, uh, I've never met
a famous author before.
Oh, bad news.
You still haven't.
Oh, don't be so modest.
Everybody in this town
knows who Lou Fleming is.
You know what? You I like.
My dad better not mess this up.
Bye.
See ya.
Good.
- I really don't get it.
- What?
Well, they're pulling on
the reins nice and evenly,
they've got nice pressure.
So far they seem to be
the perfect team.
Then why
did Paul lose control during the hay ride?
Um... I don't know.
Should we keep
ground driving them?
No. I have a better idea.
Whoa, boys.
I think it's time to try something
a little more challenging.
And whoa...
Good boys.
There is nothing wrong
with these horses.
They're doing exactly
what they're supposed to do.
Maybe they got spooked
on the hay ride
by like a snake or something.
Well, apparently,
the hay ride
wasn't the first time
they acted up.
Yeah, I'm thinking this has a
lot more to do with the driver
than it does with the horses.
You mean Hanna's brother.
Only one way to find out.
Hey!
Oh, hey, dad. You know,
you just missed Casey.
She was in getting supplies.
Oh, yeah! You two are coming for
dinner tomorrow, so don't forget.
And tell Casey she doesn't
have to bring anything.
Y-you invited
Casey for dinner?
There you go. Enjoy.
Thank you.
Yeah, I did.
And she's not a vegetarian
or anything is she?
'Cause I was gonna make
a braised lamb shank.
- Here you go.
- Lou. Lou, stop.
You have to call Casey
and tell her dinner's off.
What? Why would I do that?
Because I never asked you
to invite Casey for dinner.
Dad, come on. don't
you think it is about time
that your family meet the woman
you've been spending
so much time with?
It's not that serious, Lou.
We... we had a little fun
and now it's winding down.
- Winding down?
- Yes, to a natural
and mutually understood ending.
Uh-huh. And does, um,
Casey know about this
"natural and mutually
understood ending"?
Of-of course...
On-on some level.
Unbelievable! You haven't
actually told her yet.
It's an unfinished conversation.
Dad, a woman does not
accept an invitation
to meet a man's family
unless she thinks the
relationship is going somewhere.
Well, how do I know what
a woman's thinking?
I don't read minds.
You know what you're doing?
You're leading her on.
- No, I'm not.
- Yes. Yes, you are,
and there is nothing
I can't stand more
than a man who leads a woman on.
You know what? If you wanna
cancel this dinner, you go ahead.
I'm not doing
your dirty work for you.
I really liked her, dad.
She bought my book.
I knew you'd mess this up.
We're just gonna
take this nice and slow.
An easy walk around the yard.
- You all right?
- Fine.
Okay, you need a
little more contact.
Okay.
You have too much
slack in your lines.
Okay, okay.
- Okay, pull up.
- I know what I'm doing.
- Pull back on the reins.
- I'm pulling back!
- Keep them on the road!
- Paul, just pull back!
All right!
- Paul!
- Whoa!
Easy!
Easy, boys. Good boys.
And... whoa, boys. Whoa...
I thought you were supposed
to be fixing these horses?
Lucas and Alexander aren't
the problem, are they?
Look, Paul, you don't have
to be embarrassed.
I can give you some pointers
on how to drive?
I know how to drive.
Okay. Um...
Then maybe you're afraid
and you're telegraphing
your fear to the horses.
Is this what you do when you can't
figure out how to fix a horse?
You blame the owner?
Well... I'm not blaming.
Look, I'm just trying
to help you.
I don't want your help.
- Why did you hire me?
- I didn't.
My dad thought it'd be
a good idea.
He was wrong.
Hey, Ty. Catch.
What's this?
That's the foreign body
I removed
from Mr. Whiskers intestine...
a nice shiny penny.
You should've stuck around
for the extraction.
It was pretty cool.
Sorry I missed it.
You know, Ty,
I double checked that X-ray
before we started the operation.
I knew it wasn't just
an artifact on the screen.
Well, then, why did you ask me?
I wanted to see how
you would react.
Sometimes things don't go
according to plan during surgery.
So, next time,
just take a breath,
trust your instincts.
I need you to stay overnight
and watch Mr. Whiskers.
Oh, I've been here
since 6 a.m., Scott.
Is that a problem?
No, it's not a problem.
Good. Keep the penny.
It's a souvenir.
See you in the morning.
Hi, Alexander. Lucas.
You want a carrot?
There...
Hanna?
Hanna, what're doing?
Wait!
Wait up! Hanna!
Hanna!
Lou, when are Hanna and her mom
dropping off the baking at the diner?
Uh, they usually drop it off in
the morning around nine, I think.
But I'm not sure if they're
doing a delivery today.
Did you want some breakfast or...
Oh, okay, bye.
Hey, Lou, when
you're in town today,
can you stop by the vet clinic
and grab the west nile vaccine?
Mm-hmm.
- What's that look for?
- What look?
Like you're judging me.
Why would I judge you
because you're avoiding Ty?
It's perfectly human.
Cowardly maybe,
but... perfectly human.
- Just this once, please?
- Look...
I will do my sisterly duties
for you this time,
but... you can't avoid him
forever.
- So...
- So?
There's... something
I need to tell you.
Oh, great. You've got another love
child out there somewhere, don't you?
What? No.
I-I have just one love child.
Secretly married?
Is that what it is?
No, I-I told you all my secrets
on the road trip.
I know, but I was only half
listening. Kinda boring.
No...
I got you something.
What? What is this?
It's just a little something
to thank you for...
turning what could've been
a very lonely trip
into something really special.
You told me you like
to fly fish.
The guy at the store
said you'd like it.
You hate it.
It's perfect. Really, I...
Thank you.
Look, I'm sorry.
I know that you said
you had something to tell me
and I...
I totally interrupted you.
I wa-yeah, I
was going say...
I was just going to say...
that I hope you're ready
for dinner tonight,
because meeting my family
is a big deal
and you can always back out.
No, actually, I'm
really looking forward to it.
Great.
That's great.
Hanna!
Uh, hi, Georgie.
Are you gonna tell on me?
Uh, no. Tell what?
I wasn't supposed to be
at Heartland this morning.
I barely got home in time
to help with the baking.
If my mom found out,
I'd be in a lot of trouble.
Well, I won't say anything.
Thank you.
You know, you didn't have
to run away this morning.
I mean you can come see Lucas and
Alexander whenever you want.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Your secret's safe with me.
- Hanna? Come!
- I better go.
If you want,
you can come stop by later.
- I'll try.
- Okay.
You coming Katie?
My cowboy hat's lost!
Oh, no, I-I think
I saw it in your room.
You go check.
- Jack...
- Mm-hmm?
- You don't wear a wedding ring.
- What's that?
You don't
wear a wedding ring, right?
- Right.
- And you've made that choice
and I respect that.
Just like you can respect
that I...
don't wanna change my name.
- Okay.
It's not
really the same thing, but...
What, I'm sorry?
I said, it's not really
the same thing.
Well, no, but they are
two traditions
that we've chosen not to follow
because we're a
non-traditional couple.
Well, maybe some traditions
are worth holding on to.
You mean like wearing
a wedding ring, for example?
Or like changing
your last name, for example.
Oh! There it is!
Oh, looking good, Katie.
- Bye, GG.
- Bye.
We're gonna go
see pogie, GG...?
GG, yeah. Great grandpa.
Oh! Oh, that's good.
Hi!
Here you go. One dozen
west nile vaccines.
Thanks. We keep on
running out of this stuff.
So you've been inoculating
a lot of horses lately?
Yeah, tons. Whole... herds.
Right.
So you're obviously not here
because Amy sent you?
What? No, that's... crazy.
It's okay, Lou. I get it.
So how are you?
I'm good.
Yeah? 'Cause you don't...
You don't look so good.
Thanks.
I just mean you look tired.
Well, I just worked
a night shift
that sorta... kept going, so...
By choice?
Uh... not exactly.
Scott's been on my case
ever since I got back.
I think he's holding
a bit of a grudge, but...
What do you mean?
Well, he wasn't
exactly happy when I quit
to go work at
the wildlife reserve,
so I think he's still upset
about that.
Well, I've known Scott
for a long time,
and I think if that were true,
he would be straight with you.
Anyway, I've gotta go.
It was good to see you, Ty.
You too.
Hey, Lou?
Yeah?
Can you tell Amy
that I said uh...
Tell her that I said hello.
I will.
Are you being
a good boy, Lucas?
You're not eating all of
Alexander's food again, are you?
Lucas is greedier
than a prize-winning hog.
Hey, Hanna, do you know why
Paul lost control of the wagon?
Promise you won't say anything.
Not to my dad. Not to anyone.
- Okay.
- Promise.
Paul doesn't like horses.
He likes machines.
My brother would much
rather be fixing engines
than taking care
of Lucas and Alexander.
Well, then, why was he
taking those kids on a hay ride?
Because my dad asked him to.
The last thing Paul would ever
want to do is disappoint him.
So then that story about
the horses was just a cover?
He's ashamed.
He doesn't want my dad
to know the truth.
That's why he wants
to sell them.
I don't want them to go.
Sometimes I sneak into
the barn just to see them.
There's lots of weeding
and canning I should be doing,
but... Lucas and Alexander
are the best part of my day.
What are you doing here?
We invited her.
Meh foen. Kumps geya.
Paul, I know why
you wanna sell the horses.
I think you're making
a big mistake.
If you can't fix them, then
I don't have any other choice.
Lucas and Alexander
are perfectly fine.
You don't know that.
Yes I do. I've...
driven the wagon before.
When?
Lots of times,
when no one's looking.
This is your fault.
You did something wrong.
You messed them up.
That's what I'll tell dad
if you make a fuss.
Stop it! You're such a liar!
- Okay, Georgie...
- Get in the truck.
No, we really
lucked out though.
I mean the weather was good,
we hardly had
any road construction.
- Mm.
- That sounds like a perfect trip.
Yeah, until Tim hit a dog.
No. You're kidding!
I nicked it. Barely.
- Was he okay?
- He was fine.
Yeah, five hundred
dollars in vet bills later.
Okay, it's time
for you to go to bed.
It is way past your bedtime.
Let me do it. You stay.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, of course.
Come on, honey,
let's get you ready for bed.
I want Casey read me a story?
Oh! Well, if Casey wants to
read you a story, let's do that.
Are you kidding?
I would love to.
Okay, but only two stories.
That's it.
I'll try my best.
Be strong.
Did I mention
how much I like her?
- I like her too.
- Yeah, she's great, dad.
Yeah. Funny,
smart, beautiful...
Only an idiot
would let a girl like that go.
I can't believe you hit a dog.
I just nicked it!
What was that about?
I made the mistake of confiding
in Lou about Casey,
which is, frankly,
none of her business.
Yeah, I guess it's none
of my business either.
Jack, sometimes two people
go different directions.
Happened to you and Lisa.
You broke up for awhile
before you got married.
That's true...
but I was being an idiot.
Hello? Walter. Yes, hi.
Um... actually, can you hold
for one moment?
It's Hanna's dad.
He wants to know
what's going on with Lucas
and Alexander.
What're you gonna say?
I think we should
tell him the truth.
Well, you can't.
We promised Hanna.
I know. But Georgie, keeping
this from Walter is wrong.
Amy, a promise is a promise.
Hi. Um... you know,
I'm actually just gonna need
a few days to work with them.
No, I know, but...
Okay. Yeah, I understand.
Okay. Have a good night.
He's picking up
the horses tomorrow.
Why?
He found a buyer.
Okay, so give me the run down.
Well, the cow
gave birth last week,
and she's been off her feed
for a few days now, so...
judging from the sounds
of her stomach,
I'd say it's a displaced
abomasum.
How do we fix it?
Make a small
incision in the abdomen,
reach in and untwist
the stomach manually.
- Easy, right?
- In and out.
Shouldn't take more
than an hour.
An hour, huh?
Yeah, well... give or take.
All right.
I'll time you, then.
Starting now.
What do you mean?
Well, I wanna see if you can
do this surgery in under an hour.
You want me to
do the surgery?
59 minutes and 38 seconds.
37.
Oh, that sounds like a
private family situation.
I don't know that
I wanna get involved.
No, we're not asking you
to get involved, grandpa.
Well, then what're you asking?
We just need a tiny favour.
So... talked to Casey yet?
No, I haven't
talked to Casey yet.
Why is it so important
to you, Lou?
You're like a terrier gnawing
at my pant leg.
Excuse me? You know what?
Forget I said anything.
No, I wanna know. Since when did you
become president of the Casey Fan Club?
Is it just because
she bought your book?
- That is not the reason.
- Well, then what is it?
- It's hard to explain.
- Try me.
You know what? I
admit I wasn't crazy
about grandpa marrying Lisa
in secret,
but now that they're together,
I feel like he has a person.
Someone who will always
be there for him,
and it gives me comfort
knowing that, okay?
And I just... I want you
to have a person too, okay?
I'm not saying
it has to be Casey.
I'm just saying that you deserve
to have someone special
in your life.
Dad, you're...
When you're not being
a major pain in the butt,
you are a funny, gentle guy
with a big heart.
A ridiculously big heart...
and I just...
I just want you to be happy.
Casey does make me happy.
We laughed the entire time
we were on that road trip.
I have never met anyone
like her.
Then why are you
pushing her away?
Oh, dad...
You're falling in love
with her...
and that terrifies you.
So Amy had a couple errands
to run in town.
She shouldn't be long.
Oh, we'll load up the
horses and be on our way.
Yeah, I'll give
you a hand in a minute.
Uh... I'm just wondering...
Do either of you two fellas know
anything about diesel engines?
I've been tinkering on this hunk
of junk tractor all morning,
and I... for the life of me,
I can't get it to run.
Paul is the best mechanic
on the colony.
You don't say?
Why don't you have a look?
Don't we have to meet
the buyer soon?
We still have some time.
Appreciate it.
Are you sure they're
making their delivery today?
I hope so.
They better hurry up 'cause grandpa
can only stall Walter for so long.
Look.
There they are.
Hanna!
Your dad's at Heartland.
He's gonna sell Alexander
and Lucas.
- I know.
- But we have to stop him.
How?
You said you've
driven the wagon, right?
Well, we need to show your dad and
then he'll know Paul was lying.
- No.
- Why not?
It'll humiliate him.
I can't do that to my brother.
Well, what about
Lucas and Alexander?
I'd rather lose them
than risk my brother hating me.
Do you have a brother
or sister, Georgie?
- Yeah.
- So you understand.
At least come say goodbye.
And try it now.
Boy, you made that look easy.
Good job!
Quite the son you got there.
Hanna?
Vos tuesten doh?
I came to say goodbye
to the horses.
Mom said it was okay.
You won't separate them, right?
That'll depend. We may have to.
They won't like being separated.
They've always have each other.
Say your goodbyes quickly. We
have a buyer waiting to meet us.
Come on. Let's get them loaded.
Come on,
let's get them loaded on.
Goodbye.
It'll be okay.
We shouldn't sell them.
It's not Lucas and Alexander's
fault I lost control of the wagon.
What do you mean?
I'm no good with horses.
I don't understand them,
not the way Hanna does.
She can even drive the wagon.
Why did you keep this from me?
I didn't want you
to be disappointed.
I'm sorry, dad.
Is what your brother said true?
Yes. I can show you.
Good. Lucas, good.
- Damn it.
- What's wrong?
Well, it's really twisted out.
All right, step aside.
I'll do it.
No, no, I... I got it.
- I said step aside.
- I said I got it!
There.
It's back in place.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- How sure?
- A hundred percent.
All right,
everything seems fine.
Good job.
Better close her back up.
You only have
twelve minutes left.
Last night...
dinner with the family...
I'll tell you,
you really won everybody over.
That's a tough crowd, trust me.
Didn't win you
over though, did I?
I'm not a fool, Tim.
I grew up around rodeo cowboys
and that whole moving on
to different towns,
different women
is just second nature
to you guys.
Well, I haven't been a
rodeo cowboy in a long time.
Yeah, but you still have
that "moving on" look in your eye,
and you have ever since
we got back from that trip.
You know what I'm talking about.
Casey, wait. Wait, wait.
You got this all wrong.
Let's not make this harder
than it needs to be.
I'll see you around.
Thank you for your help, Jack.
I'm sorry we wasted Amy's time.
Oh, you didn't waste
her time at all.
The important thing is,
you know the truth now.
I guess the rest is up to you.
- Have a good day, Walter.
- You too, Jack.
Who among us could fix
that tractor as quickly as you did?
None, to be sure.
So don't for a minute think
that I'm not proud of you.
You need to
work on your sutures.
A few of your bites
were too shallow.
Next time, be more consistent.
Is this how it's gonna be
from now on?
What?
It's pretty obvious
you got a problem with me.
I mean, I know you're
disappointed that I quit
and I went to work
at the wildlife reserve,
but you can't keep
taking it out on me,
especially during surgery.
You saw an opportunity
at the reserve and you took it.
If I was your age,
I would've done the same thing.
Well, then why are you being
so hard on me?
I'm not being hard on you.
I'm pushing you.
That's the only way you're
gonna be a great vet one day.
From now on, I'm just gonna
throw you in the deep end,
see if you can swim.
Today you swam.
Hey, stranger.
Hey.
I've been meaning
to ask you something.
What?
You brought Casey to dinner,
to meet the family.
Does that mean it's serious?
Actually, honey, I've...
I'm not sure
it's gonna work out.
Oh... that's too bad.
I'm... I'm sorry.
Lou told me about you and Ty.
Amy, I don't wanna
give you advice.
God knows I'm hardly qualified...
but... I'd like you
to promise me...
that if you can't see your
future without somebody in it...
whether that's Ty
or somebody else...
you'll fight.
You're strong.
You get that from your mother.
So promise me...
fight for what's important.
I promise.
I love you.
Love you too, dad.
I was looking at wedding rings today.
- You were?
- No.
That's mean!
Do you really want me
to wear a ring?
No, no... of course not.
Do you really want me
to change my name?
No, I don't.
So you weren't upset
the other day?
No. Maybe. Well,
just for a split second,
and only because
you mentioned Dan.
What does Dan have to do
with this?
I don't know.
You didn't change your name
for him.
Well, I guess part of me
thought that you...
might wanna change it for me...
and not because
I expected you to,
but... ju... just because...
it's you and me and...
we're somehow stronger
as a couple and...
I know, that sounds crazy.
No. But only because there's
no comparison to Dan.
And I just... we don't need
to change our names and...
put on wedding rings
to bind us together.
We have more than that.
So I'm always gonna be
Lisa Stillman,
your loving wife.
Yes.
My loving, smart,
incredibly beautiful wife...
Oh, yes.
- Hi, Georgie!
- Hey!
I just wanted to tell you that my
dad's keeping Lucas and Alexander.
That's awesome!
What about your brother?
Paul's been put in charge
of keeping all the farm equipment
up and running at the colony,
so he's like a pig in mud.
And as long as I get all
of my weeding and picking done,
I can visit the horses
whenever I want.
I'm so happy for you, Hanna.
What're you doing right now?
Well, I was gonna go
ride Phoenix. Wanna come?
I have a better idea.
Come on, Lucas! Alexander!
Come on, Lucas!
Come on, Alexander!
Woo!
Easy, boy, easy.
Go on! Giddy up!
Alexander, Lucas, giddy up!
Come on! Giddy up!
Woo!
Hey, Amy.
I, uh, just missed your call.
I hope everything's okay.
I know this might sound
kinda weird, but uh...
I actually had my hand inside
a cow's abdomen today
and it was...
it was sort of incredible.
Anyways, I just wanted
to share that with you.
Okay.
- Hey!
- Hey.
I just called you back.
I'm sorry, I... I called, but...
then I thought I'd just drop by.
I just left you a message.
Should I...
Should I listen to it?
No, I'll just
tell you what I said.
♪ When I am calling for you...
You know what? Maybe it's better
that you do listen to it.
Okay. Like... right now?
Yeah.
♪ If our timing is true...
So you had your hand
inside a cow?
Well, her abdomen.
Not... not the other end.
Right. Of course.
It was a displaced abomasum.
I-I actually untwisted
her stomach.
Wow. That's...
That's incredible.
Yeah.
Sounds like you're doing
really great.
I am.
I'm glad.
♪ It's not just deja vu
well, I should probably
um... get going.
I gotta see Caleb and...
Yeah. I should get him home anyway.
It was really nice to see you.
♪ And when the sun
finally sank ♪
♪ And we take our last breath
♪ We will be one and not two
♪ If our timing is true
On the next
Heartland, meet Georgie's aunt.
You've got no legal right
to keep her away from me.
I wanted to know about my mom.
Now, the fallout.
What was she doing trick riding?
Georgie is my daughter.
Heartland returns
with an all new episode,
Sunday November 23rd on CBC.
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org